Yes.
I don't know why I brought my disciples here
Promise!
In fact, being a teacher still has a test for you
I don't know if you can accept it
Why not?
It's our mistake
As expected of my Ouyang Xuanji's apprentice
When you have the courage to be the first
This test is called understanding
Understanding is right
It is estimated that there is a technique hidden in this imperial sister
You can write it and see if the rest is successful.
How to use a lion?
You put this encounter on your forehead
You can see the power amplifier inside.
It's a magical way to deal with it
I don't know if there is a time limit for Master's practice
Haha, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter.
As long as you will
The cultivation entry is successful
I used to be a teacher
When you became a hereditary disciple when you were young?
Don't try, it's not too hard to try
And feel free to try
I see
Then Wuji will try it now
Vientiane Guiyuan Palace
What a domineering name
This technique seems incomparably mysterious to me
But what the master said is so simple
Forget it, so as not to reveal your secrets in front of the master
Directly activate Hundred Times Enlightenment
Dad, you are cheating again.